Hypothesis 1; People like playing games while at work 2:people like free
games 3: people just want to pass the time while not working

Customer segment #1 Dr.Amresh , Feb 9 , 2023

Summarization of the interview: What does he do during his free time?
How to use games to help communities, he is thinking about work Does he
play mobile games while at work? No , he does not have enough time to
play games during work since he is working with game development Does he
play games? No,since he is swamp with work he does not have the time to
play What kind of games would he play if he had free time? Strategy
games , since those games are his favorite since he was in high school

Insight People are unable to play video games while at work and people
are too busy with work. All hypotheses are not true since most people
can go through their work day without considering playing a video game.

Assessment: Does not care

Customer segment #2 Charlie ( Drop in tutor ), Feb 7 , 2023

Summarization of the interview: What does he do during his free time? He
is will look at twitter or job search due to his current position being
temporary Does he play mobile games while at work? No since he is too
busy tutoring the students that we have and this is his only job. Does
he play games? Yes, he owns a playstation and uses it only for the
holidays. What kind of games would he play if he had free time? He would
play 3 person action adventure games, like God of War and Horizon zero
dawn

Insight People are unable to play video games while at work and people
are too busy with work. All hypotheses are not true since most people
are swapped with other things in order to enjoy/play video games.

Assessment: Does not care

Actual game customer segment

Dr.Amesh gave some insight on how we should go into the game

Quotes: "Having mario style platformer elements(boost and jump pads)
takes away from the skill of hitting the ball and certain maps have to
be created in order to have the same level of skill".

"The game should be about the risk and reward element, longer maps
allows for this and having less levels allows players to get better at
those map"

"There needs to be a central focus on the golf itself and not any other
elements, this way users can be less confused about how the game works".
